Increased the pickup range of Cannons, Batteries, and Monoliths (0 -> 4)
Warp Prism project power field buttons have default hotkeys now
All units now take up 4 cargo space. Except probes. Probes still take 1.
Cannons, Batteries, and Monoliths now have 4 cargo space.
Warp-In buttons on the forge are now consistent
Warp-In buttons on the forge now have default hotkeys
Enabled researching Air Armour from the start, since it affects observers and Warp Prisms.
Defense Warp is now smartcast (Only one warps per click, instead of all of them)
Zealots can now be loaded into shield batteries
Forges now start with 2 charges
Observers can seige
Cannons now have a visual indicator if they are in Long Range mode
Project power field now has a targeting indicator for where the power field will be
Warp Prism Phasing Mode now has an indicator for where the power field will be
Warp Prism Phasing Mode now has an indicator for the max radius Project Power Field could reach
Added behaviour variants so that you don't get ones that say the structure deals double damage on a shield battery
Unified Loaded behaviour tooltips
You now start with a forge on every mission. This is done by replacing a starting gateway with a forge on missions that don't already have a forge
Added the no-build missions, with a Skip button because they're unedited
Improved performance of the warpin loading trigger
Warp prism is now faster.
Battery is now a visibile unit tag
Fixed Stalkers not giving double damage vs armoured.
Added a missing space in the Load Monolith button tooltip.
Load Cannon button now mentions that the Centurion grants an AOE stun, not just a stun.
Centurion Loaded behaviour now mentions the stun is AOE


The Growing Shadow:
Added softlock prevention in the first section (Your warp prisms are now invulnerable during it)
Added air blockers to prevent you from clearing the rest of the mission before getting to the nexus point
Void Pylons now share power with you
Slightly moved the void pylons so they serve as better staging areas
The gateways you start with can now become warp gates
Added tip about auto-loading using warpins
The starting cutscene can now end (Your units still can't shoot though)
Watching the starting cutscene no longer prevents cannons and prisms from appearing

Last Stand:
Added a note about the bonus objective doing something

Rakshir:
Added a starting gateway

The Host:
Added a starting gateway


*Photon Cannon detector button now goes grey when unpowered
*Destroyer visuals are no longer being very special
*When doing shadow fury, cannons will now always end in power
*Added an ability on the nexus to recall depowered defensive structures to it